c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\bin\Debug\LED_Control.exe.config
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\bin\Debug\LED_Control.exe
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\bin\Debug\LED_Control.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control.g.resources
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control.exe
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control.pdb
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\ControlWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\ControlWindow.baml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\SelectionWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\SelectionWindow.baml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\ConfigWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\ConfigWindow.baml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO_LED\LED_Control\LED_Control\bin\Debug\LED_Control.exe.config
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO_LED\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control.exe
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO_LED\LED_Control\LED_Control\obj\Debug\LED_Control.pdb
